/*
 *  Copied by: Sedihglow
 *  From the book: The Witch Book The Encyclopedia of Witchcraft,
 *				   Wicca, and Neo-paganism
 *	(pagan means goddess worship yo, witches even believe and worship a god
 *	 of nature! WoW!)
 *
 *	 Written by: Raymond Buckland
 */
------- Karma -------
The word means "action" but, according to the doctrine of Brahmanism, Hinduism,
and Buddihsm, ammounts to "as you sow, so shall you reap." It is related to the 
concept of reincarnation, wherein everyone passes through a number of lives and 
in each life atones for the erros of the pervious one. What actually occurs
after death varies a little with different theologians. According to Hindu and 
Buddhist doctrines, a system of rewards and punishments starts immediately 
following death, Those who have led an exemplary life will enjoy a brief period 
of joy in paradise. Those who have led an exemplary life will enjoy a brief 
period of joy in paradise. Those who have been wicked will suffer any one of a 
number of hells of varying torment,
depending upon the transgressions. But these serve only as reminders of
what has been done and foretastes of what is to come.
eventually all are reborn and again either rewarded or punished in the new life, 
depending upon what they had done in their previous lives. They experience a
succession of lives until the slate has been wiped clean.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The concept of karma in Witchcraft in somewhat different. THere is a belief in 
the "Threefold Law," the law of threefold return. Do good,
and good will be returned, either three times or at three times the intensity.
Do evil, and that too will return threefold. But these returns will be within 
the current lifetime. There is no
"putting off" one's rewards or punishments; they come about in this life. 
Obviously, with this belief there is no inducement to do evil.
It is, therefore, a corolary of the wiccan rede: " An it harm none, do what 
thou wilt." By consciously harming none as you live your life,
you will not invoke any negative threefold return upon yourself.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In the hindu and buddhist doctrines, the point of reincarnation is to return, 
in other incarnation, in order to expiate one's trangressions. When the slate 
has been totally wiped cleanm, there will be no futther incarnation. In 
witchcraft,m however, the purpose of reincarnation is different. It is for 
experience.
In witchcraft, however, the purthe purpose of reincarnation is different. It is 
for experience. One goes through a number of lives on this earth in order to 
learn and to experience all things. Only when everything has been learned 
and experienced will the cycle cease.
But each individual liefe is not dependent upon the previous life, as it is in 
the hindu and buddhist doctrines.
